README.md, before:

# Twisted Fields RP2040 motor controller firmware

:warning: work in progress, being tested. do not use.

## Motor controller hardware

Hardware design on [Github: rp2040-motor-controller](https://github.com/Twisted-Fields/rp2040-motor-controller)

# Firmware features

- SimpleFOC - FOC control for 2 motors
- Serial Commander interface for both motors
- Support for MT6701 encoder in SSI mode
- Support for MT6701 encoder in ABZ mode
- Status LED driver (3x Neopixel)





# Compiling the firmware

:warning: Current version depends on unreleased changes to the SimpleFOC library. To compile this project before the release of SimpleFOC 2.2.3, please git clone the [SimpleFOC dev branch](https://github.com/simplefoc/Arduino-FOC/tree/dev) into the lib/ directory of this project.

:warning: Twisted fields controller uses active-low polarity for low-side switches! Be sure to set `-DSIMPLEFOC_PWM_LOWSIDE_ACTIVE_HIGH=false` in the build. If you don't do this, you'll be producing guaranteed shoot-through, and will probably burn out the driver board.


This project is set up to use PlatformIO. You can try in other environments, your mileage may vary. In particular, the board definition for the Twisted Fields RP2040 motor controller for PlatformIO is included in this project, and its equivalent for other environments would have to be configured first.

To compile the firmware, install PlatformIO, and then PlatformIO's RP2040 support.

The project should compile without further changes.

Commit message:

Update readme to remove shoot through warning, as board is protected against shoot-through.

README.md, after:

# Twisted Fields RP2040 motor controller firmware

:warning: work in progress, being tested. do not use.

## Motor controller hardware

Hardware design on [Github: rp2040-motor-controller](https://github.com/Twisted-Fields/rp2040-motor-controller)

# Firmware features

- SimpleFOC - FOC control for 2 motors
- Serial Commander interface for both motors
- Support for MT6701 encoder in SSI mode
- Support for MT6701 encoder in ABZ mode
- Status LED driver (3x Neopixel)





# Compiling the firmware

:warning: Current version depends on unreleased changes to the SimpleFOC library. To compile this project before the release of SimpleFOC 2.2.3, please git clone the [SimpleFOC dev branch](https://github.com/simplefoc/Arduino-FOC/tree/dev) into the lib/ directory of this project.

:warning: Twisted fields controller uses active-low polarity for low-side switches. Be sure to set `-DSIMPLEFOC_PWM_LOWSIDE_ACTIVE_HIGH=false` in the build or the board will not work properly and something may be damaged.

This project is set up to use PlatformIO. You can try in other environments, your mileage may vary. In particular, the board definition for the Twisted Fields RP2040 motor controller for PlatformIO is included in this project, and its equivalent for other environments would have to be configured first.

To compile the firmware, install PlatformIO, and then PlatformIO's RP2040 support.

The project should compile without further changes.
